=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Devel::Leak::Object - Detect leaks of objects

=head1 VERSION

version 1.02

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  # Track a single object
  use Devel::Leak::Object;
  my $obj = Foo::Bar->new;
  Devel::Leak::Object::track($obj);

  # Track every object
  use Devel::Leak::Object qw{ GLOBAL_bless };

  # Track every object including where they're created
  use Devel::Leak::Object qw{ GLOBAL_bless };
  $Devel::Leak::Object::TRACKSOURCELINES = 1;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module provides tracking of objects, for the purpose of detecting memory
leaks due to circular references or inappropriate caching schemes.

Object tracking can be enabled on a per object basis. Any objects
thus tracked are remembered until DESTROYed; details of any objects
left are printed out to STDERR at END-time.

  use Devel::Leak::Object qw(GLOBAL_bless);

This form overloads B<bless> to track construction and destruction of all
objects. As an alternative, by importing bless, you can just track the
objects of the caller code that is doing the use.

If you use GLOBAL_bless to overload the bless function, please note that
it will ONLY apply to bless for modules loaded AFTER Devel::Leak::Object
has enabled the hook.

Any modules already loaded will have already bound to CORE::bless and will
not be impacted.

Setting the global variable $Devel::Leak::Object::TRACKSOURCELINES makes the
report at the end include where (filename and line number) each leaked object
originates (or where call to the ::new is made).

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Devel::Leak>

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Devel-Leak-Object>
(or L<bug-Devel-Leak-Object@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Devel-Leak-Object@rt.cpan.org>).

=head1 AUTHOR

Adam Kennedy, <adamk@cpan.org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=for stopwords Karen Etheridge Sven Dowideit David Cantrell

=over 4

=item *

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=item *

Sven Dowideit <sdowideit@cpan.org>

=item *

David Cantrell <david@cantrell.org.uk>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This software is copyright (c) 2004 by Adam Kennedy.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

Rewritten from original copyright 2004 Ivor Williams.

Some documentation also copyright 2004 Ivor Williams.

=cut
